[Cooper] This is Team Cooper
at Grid Point DP 590-550.
Send through the course data.
[soldier] Roger that, forwarding the map.
The next waypoint is 470-540.
[static crackling]
Be advised, I'm correcting
the GPS z-coordinate by minus zero-two.
Go time.
[approaching footsteps]
[wind howling]
[soldier] Team Cooper,
you have deviated
from your assigned route.
Return to grid point 590-550 immediately.
Are you sure about that?
Intel on the ground says
that we're still on track.
[static, inaudible]
Command Post you're breaking up.
Resend transmission.
[all exclaim]
[thrilling howling]
[soldier gasping]
Hey, you okay?
[choking]
[screaming]
[all gasp]
[gunshots]
[clamoring]
[gurgling]
Frank, Todd, you okay? Talk to me guys.
-[gunshots continue]
-[soldiers shouting]
[soldier] Kirkman is down!
[soldier shrieking]
-From inside him, the tree…
-[breathing heavily]
[gasps]
[groans]
[muffled screaming]
[gunshots]
[evil laughing]
[screaming]
[bones cracking]
[opera music]
[narrator] Here, there is a single plate.
The message it carries
is a warning to us in the present.
From an advanced ancient civilization
that grew too advanced
and was destroyed.
This is their message.
"Protect our heritage from the wicked."
Trusting in this message,
one organization strives
to keep the advanced
ancient civilization sealed away.
The special operatives
of that organization are called…
"Spriggan."
[theme music]
NORTHERN MYSURU, INDIA
[loud rustling]
Sierra 1-9. I've reached point B-02.
[communicator] Location confirmed.
Sierra 1-9, begin the operation.
[Yu grunts]
Roger that.
[gasps]
[ominous music]
[approaching footsteps]
There's no way that could look like
more of a trap.
Do they really expect somebody
to fall for that?
-[rustling]
-Huh?
[tense music]
[gasps]
Yoshino Somei?
[Yoshino grunts]
[gasps]
[screams]
[thuds]
[groaning]
Oh?
[rumbling]
Huh?
[explosion]
[rumbling continues]
[panting]
What the hell are you doing here, Yoshino?
Well, obviously, I wanna see you.
And that? What might that be?
I found it just lying around.
[Yu] Liar!
That's what set off the trap, isn't it?
[Yu] You need to put it back
where you found it.
I, a fragile maiden,
braved danger to get my hands on this.
-[Yu grunts]
-I can't just put it back.
[Yu] A fragile maiden
wouldn't be pulling stunts like this.
[tense music]
[rumbling]
[exhales]
THE FOREST OF NO RETURN
[camera shutter clicks]
What about you?
What were you doing in there?
As if I'd tell a dirty tomb
robbing liar like you.
Oh, you weren't after this item, were you?
Because you can't have it!
Don't be an idiot.
That's just a little spirit statue.
Yeah, not to mention they go for quite
a price if you're pulling it right.
A statue of the hero king's
beautiful consort.
I'm so glad I got in there
and grabbed this baby before you did.
[groans]
Some nerve you've got.
[Yoshino] Hey, what were you really
doing here anyway?
I'm pretty sure you didn't come to get
the consort statue.
[Yu] You're such a pain,
stop following me!
Here's the thing, the place I'm headed to
is called the Forest of No Return.
Legend claims it's haunted
and once you go in, you don't come out.
[Yu] If you wanna live, go home now.
Uh…
If the forest really is that bad,
must be something buried in there
that you're not telling me about, right?
[Yu grunts]
[Yoshino] And ARCAM's got to be
involved for a reason, huh?.
[Yun exhales heavily]
Hey, come on.
You won't send a fragile maiden
away on her own.
Things will go way smoother
with the two of us.
[groans]
Fine, you can stay.
Yay! Thank you. I knew you'd come around.
[Director Yamamoto] Listen, Yu.
The forest is dangerous.
Do not wonder too deep.
[Director Yamamoto]
This isn't easy for me to say,
but we don't need to follow orders
from headquarters on this mission.
I'll just tell them
that the Soma wasn't there.
Are you really that worked up
about a bunch of trees?
Two days ago,
we sent a platoon into the Forest
of No Return and lost contact.
We had Agent Cooper leading the team,
and now they're gone.
Cooper's gone?
[Director Yamamoto]
This was the third team
that headquarters sent into the forest.
Not a single soldier has come back alive.
We haven't even been able
to search for them.
After all that,
I can't believe they're sending you
into that forest to hunt for Soma.
[Yu] Orders are orders.
An elixir of immortality is dangerous.
We can't let it fall into the wrong hands.
Lately, it seems like every organization
is going after the remains
of advanced ancient civilizations.
That doesn't mean that we have to get
involved in this crazy Soma business.
If those fools wanna scrounge around
for some elixir of immortality,
then let them.
However, since we are now involved,
whether I like it or not,
I guess we're really no better
than them in the end.
[ominous music]
[both] That's weird.
[both gasp]
Uh, how you doing there, Yoshino?
That's what I was just about to ask you.
[sighs]
I thought so.
Uh, what's going on there?
You're starting to freak me out
just a little.
My sense of direction just went haywire.
[Yu] Yours too, right?
Mm.
[radio static]
So that's how it is, huh?
Get down!
[grunting]
[guns firing]
All the cue they're using
is state-of-the-art.
Who are these people?
[grunts]
Let's do this.
So lame.
[grunting]
[tense music]
[scoffs]
Is that all you've got?
[gasps]
[bones cracking]
[gunshots]
What the hell?
[Yoshino gasps]
Yoshino!
[gun firing]
[explosion]
I can't stand these barbarians.
All they're good for
is waving guns around like idiots.
[grunting]
[Yu] Just as I thought.
These guys are the Trident attackers.
Doesn't Trident just do
weapon development?
That's what they say.
Glovers Heavy in America,
the Campbell Company over in Europe,
and in Japan, Zaibatsu.
All three of them secretly help fund
Trident's military ops.
Get out. All those are corporate giants.
I'd heard a rumor they'd also taken
an interest in the relics.
Oh, so they're just a rip off
of you guys then, huh?
Nah-uh. Don't lump us in with them.
[Yu] I wonder what happened to these guys.
No way…
What's wrong? What is it, Yu?
[Yu] Nothing. Let's move.
Mm? You can't just…
[Yoshino] Hey, wait up.
[ominous music]
Is that a base camp?
That's got to be Trident's hideout.
Okay, I guess it's time to get in there.
Wait, it's too dangerous.
Here goes nothing.
Looks like it's desserted.
[Yu] Yeah, but they were here
until a few days ago.
Their supplies are still here.
[retches]
[Yoshino] Friendly fire?
[Yu] No. There isn't a scratch on him.
Let alone a bullet wound.
I don't know what those guys were
or what's going on here,
but it all seems linked to this guy.
Is that a king and and that's his consort?
Yeah, there's a passage
in The Book of the Forest.
One of India's ancient epics.
The story goes, this king and his consorts
were driven from their lands
to this forest.
[Yu] But they were caught
by a malevolent demon.
While the king wasn't looking,
the demon kidnapped his consort.
The king was distraught
and turned on the spirits of the forest
for not warning him.
[king sobbing]
[king] A curse.
A curse upon everything in this forest!
[thrilling wind howling]
You hear that?
Go and see what that sound is.
It's just the wind, there's nothing there.
[grunts angrily]
-[gunshot]
-[Yu gasps]
[Yoshino] What if there is
and something bad happens to me?
-I said, go look, so go.
-[gunshots]
Why me?
[grunts]
Hopeless.
[Yoshino] This place is seriously creepy.
[gasps]
[whimpers]
[gulps]
-[explosion]
-[gasps]
[Yoshino screams]
Yoshino!
[Yu grunting]
[grunts]
[explosion]
Tell me what is going on here.
I have no idea.
[both gasp]
[gunshots in distance]
[breathing nervously]
[groaning]
[Yoshino]
We just have a few questions for you.
What exactly
are the things you're fighting?
Monsters!
Hey, we're not monsters!
N… No. Monsters… monsters are coming!
What monsters?
[soldier groaning]
[gurgling]
[screams]
[gasps]
[growling]
[loud roar]
What is that thing?
[Yoshino shrieks, groans]
[Yu] Get out of here, Yoshino!
[grunts]
[warbles]
This is for you.
-[yelling]
-[monster gasps]
[screams]
[exhales, snarls]
What the hell was that thing?
This is way beyond an angry ghost.
So this must be what possessed
the Trident soldiers before.
Guns and explosives don't damage it.
So to counter it,
I have to use a Psychic Blow.
A Psychic what now?
[Yu] One of the features
of the Armored Muscle Suit.
It amplifies my psychic waves
and channels them into my strikes.
-Stop! Just tell me the truth!
-[gasps]
[Yoshino] Tell me
what's hiding in this forest.
Will it kill you to share
even a scrap of information?
I can't just die here
not knowing anything.
[sighs]
What? You're saying Soma, elixir of life?
It was drunk by the gods of India.
[Yu] Soma, the wine of the gods.
It appears as something called nectar
in Greek myths.
[Yu] No clue what these guys want
with it though.
[Yoshino gasps]
Jackpot!
[sighs]
Anyhow, Trident soldiers are in this
forest and they're hunting for Soma, too.
Hello there, you're one of them,
aren't you?
Show yourself already.
You're too old to be shy, surely.
-[footsteps approaching]
-[soldier scoffs]
I'd expect nothing less
from a Spriggan like you, Yu Ominae.
You really live up to all the stories.
Damn right, I do.
So who are you?
I'm Akatsuki.
The leader of Trident's task force.
Ah. I take it that means you're
the Returning Man? I've heard of you.
That no matter how bad it gets,
you always come back alive.
I hear you do the same.
And now, I am once again
my team's sole survivor.
Ah, dead end.
How about we get out of here
together as a team?
-No way.
-Nah, I don't think so.
What?
[Yoshino] We're not about to just leave
without finding the Soma.
You left your allies to die back there
just so you could tail us.
You think we'd trust you?
Okay, you want to do this here, then?
Right here's as good a place as any.
[snickers]
[grunts]
[grunting]
What's the matter?
Has someone lost the itch to fight?
No one moves like that.
His suit's just like mine. No, better.
What are you sniveling about?
[grunting]
[Yu yelling]
[pants]
[grunting]
[Yu screaming]
[explosion]
Really? Starting a fight
in the middle of all this?
How dumb can they get?
[gasps]
[scoffs]
All right.
So that's how it is.
Oh, yeah. That is how it is.
Yoshino, what the hell?
Oh, stop your whining! It's not like
I can hurt you in that what's-it-suit.
[pants]
Take a look around you, please.
[both gasp]
[thrilling howling]
[monsters groaning]
[Akatsuki] Wait. Huh?
What's with these guys? Seriously,
what is this, night of the living dead?
They're ghouls, Yoshino.
[Yu] Corpses possessed by angry ghosts.
Oh, got it. Yeah, that would make sense
'cause no humans got an aura this creepy!
[guns firing]
[grunting]
[firing continues]
They just don't give up.
[Yu] Use this!
That peashooter won't do any good.
Wait. You need some kind of gun.
This suit is the only thing I… need.
[grunting]
Are you serious? It's freaking endless.
[Yu grunts]
Damn.
Most of these guys are ARCAM and Trident!
[gasps]
[Yu] Coop…
[howling]
[bullets clanking]
Cooper…
[gunshots]
You sent all these people in here
just to look for that damn Soma?
[trigger clicks]
[gasps]
Yoshino!
[tense music]
[flesh tears]
[growls]
[Akatsuki grunts]
[shrieks]
[gasps]
[grunting]
[panting]
You okay, Miss?
[Yoshino] Yeah, surprisingly.
Thank you.
[sighs]
No need to thank me.
[Akatsuki] These creatures were my men.
It was too much to see them
continuing to fight as corpses.
I was just putting them to rest.
Yeah well,
you're really something all right
taking this many of them out that fast.
-[Yu] Of course, he did.
-Hm?
Because he's wearing
an Armored Muscle Suit as well.
[Yu] From what I could tell,
it's mechanical. Not like mine.
And it favors power over speed.
[scoffs]
Can't get anything past you, huh?
Yeah, that's exactly right.
This happens to be a prototype Orichalcum
suit developed by Trident's engineers.
They fed it tremendous quantities of data.
Combat datat from ARCAM,
the Machiner's Platoon and such.
So you're why the US army
has Orichalcum gear now?
[Akatsuki] What?
My friends died because of you.
They were killed at Noah's Ark.
I think we've both sustained losses.
Wouldn't you say?
[snarls]
[Akatsuki] What now?
If it bothers you,
we can settle this right here.
That's it. You two knock it off already.
Think about the situation
we're in right now.
Listen, if you help me get out of here,
then I'll come quietly.
Do you hear that?
I do not feel like being zombified here
so pops will be joining us.
I appreciate it, Pops, and welcome.
What? But you said no…
Yu, we need all the help
we can get right now,
-so shut it and let's go.
-[sighs]
[Akatsuki] That's that, then.
Enough with Pops though.
I'm only 32.
-[Yoshino] Uh, that's old, you know.
-[Akatsuki] No, it's not.
-[Yoshino] Yes, it is.
-[Yoshino] Is too!
-[Akatsuki] I'll kick your ass.
-[Yoshino shrieks]
-Oh, good grief.
[suspenseful music]
[suspenseful music continues]
[fire crackling]
[Akatsuki] This is my last one.
You like this stuff?
Fine. You can just go hungry, then.
[grunts]
Did I say I didn't want it?
-[Yu] I'm gonna eat it.
-[Akatsuki] Not anymore.
I don't like your attitude.
-[Yu] Oh, screw that. Give it back.
-I'm not giving anything to some bratty…
Oh! Will you two just shut up and eat!
You're not children!
[both] Uh…
[Yu] Akatsuki…
I just wanna know one thing.
Just one?
[Yu] What does an arms dealer like Trident
want with Soma? What are they planning?
Like building an immortal army
or something?
And if we are, what then?
[chuckles]
Truthfully,
I don't know what they're doing either.
But if that is what this is about,
then I don't like it.
If you can never die,
then life will lose all its excitement.
[Akatsuki] Honestly,
since coming to this forest,
I've been having the time of my life.
Life and death,
balance right on the edge of a knife here.
That's why I became a mercenary,
so I could always chase this kind of high.
[scoffs]
Well, that's stupid.
[Akatsuki] Huh? What did you say?
[Yu] Was I too quiet?
I said that's stupid.
I will not accept that tone from you,
you brat.
Oh, and what's wrong with calling stupid
-stupid?
-You're stupid!
Hey! Yoshino, where are you going?
To find somewhere a little less horrible.
'Cause being in this place
is freaking me out.
Not the sharpest, are you?
It only gets worse deeper into the forest.
Yeah? Well, I don't see the forest
like you two knuckleheads do.
I can feel it.
Actually, it's kind of faint
but the aura is thinner over here.
[sighs]
Shall we?
No choice I guess.
You're right. I can't feel the aura here.
And also, the air feels like it's cleaner.
[Yoshino] Um, yeah, what did I tell you?
A mummified Buddhist?
Those ascetics who mummify themselves
to achieve enlightenment?
What's it doing way out here
in this place?
[Yu] Yoshino.
Yeah, yeah. I'm gonna do it.
[Yoshino] Don't get your panties
in a bunch.
Huh?
[humming]
[Akatsuki] What's she doing?
[Yu] She's a medium.
It's a unique ability that comes
from her connection with the spirit world.
And she's used that ability to outsmart
organizations all over the world.
[monk and Yoshino] Who are you?
Who are you who called upon me?
Well, that's not weird.
Uh, well… we got into some trouble
and ended up lost in this forest.
Now, we can't get out.
[Yu] We'd be grateful if you tell us
everything you can about this place.
[monk and Yoshino] Hm.
So, more philistines have come
hunting for Soma.
It is futile. Once you enter this forest,
there can be no escape.
Now you are here and you shall become
another ghost in the wood.
Hey, I don't think this is working.
We don't care about finding Soma.
We just want to get
the hell out of here, okay?
[Yu] Please!
[monk and Yoshino] Abandon hope.
The hero-king's curse is on this forest
and none escape it.
Hey, baldy.
You know Soma and the king's curse
have nothing connecting them.
What is Soma doing here?
[Akatsuki] How come you
haven't been possessed like the others?
[monk and Yoshino] I did not enter
this forest seeking Soma.
I came here with the intention
to seal it away.
Uh…
[monk and Yoshino]
This was long ago while I still lived.
[monk] One day I unearthed
an ancient tablet at the temple.
Inscribed on it was a set
of secret instructions
for how to brew Soma.
The rulers who learnt of Soma's
existence tore each other apart.
And we watched this happen.
After much debate,
it was decided that the instructions
would be hidden
in the Forest of No Return.
Even so, humans continued
to enter the forest.
They continue to lust after immortality.
They died here unable to escape,
leaving behind their angry ghosts.
Locked away,
their hatred begot yet more hate.
Little by little, the forest morphed
into a single, sentient being.
So you're telling me, we've been right
in this thing's clutches the entire time?
[monk and Yoshino] It is known
that all living things are limited.
Yet, they put all they have into living.
It is only when a life
has been fully lived
that humans can know
how precious a thing it is to be alive.
But we're here,
we shall never feel alive again.
The only path left to us,
is to rot here in this forest.
[scoffs]
There's no way I'm about to die like that.
[Yu] Thank you, sir, for your wise advice.
Maybe that's the case. And maybe
my strength is meaningless in here.
But I get it, I know I'll die someday.
So I want it to be
on my own terms, okay?
I do not wanna die
regretting choices I made.
[Yu] So please tell me…
how do we leave this forest?
Please!
[monk and Yoshino]
It will be a living hell.
All right, let's do it then.
[chuckles]
[monk and Yoshino] Very well.
Originally, it was my mistake
that brought the ghosts to this forest.
Or it may be that you…
Hm?
-[grunts]
-[gasps]
[exhales]
Okay, you guys ready to get out of here?
[Yu] Why the hell did you do that?
He was still talking.
[Akatsuki] And go where exactly?
We didn't end up getting any answers.
Are you doubting my ability as a medium?
[scoffs]
Where do you think?
[Yoshino] This way out of the forest.
At the heart of the forest,
there is an enormous tree.
It acts as a vessel for the king's anger
and binds together
all the ghosts in the forest.
The Cursed Spirit Tree.
That's what the monk called it.
If we set the trapped souls free,
we should be able to escape the forest.
[Akatsuki] So basically,
if we go to where the aura is strongest,
we'll reach this Cursed Spirit Tree?
[Yoshino] As a medium,
I see everything in my target's heart
no matter how hard they try to hide it.
You better not use it on me.
[Akatsuki grunts]
There's now doubt
we're getting close to that tree.
They're here.
[grunts]
Hey, wait!
-Where the hell the girl go?
-[gasps]
[Yu] That little thief…
There's no way.
[ominous music]
So sorry, Yu. But the Cursed Spirit Tree
wasn't all I found out.
[ominous music]
[gasps]
[grunting]
[coughing]
Oh, hello!
-[camera shutter clicks]
-It's not much to look at, I admit.
But to have the recipe
for the elixir of immortality…
[gasps]
I'm gonna be so rich.
[soft squeal]
Now I wait.
They'll destroy the tree and then…
[gasps]
[thrilling music]
[whimpering]
No sign of her. I guess she got herself
attacked by ghosts.
[scoffs]
Sounds like karma to me.
-[distant rumble]
-[gasps]
You feel that?
Yeah, I don't need that little thief
to see these guys.
You know, if this forest is sentient,
there's no way it'd just sit back
and let us through.
Get ready!
[Akatsuki yells]
[grunts]
[yells]
[explosion]
All right, that opening is our chance.
Charge!
[tense music]
[rumbling]
[grunting]
Ominae, run.
I'm gonna buy you some time.
Are you insane? On your own,
you'll get torn to pieces.
Shut up and get out of here!
[Akatsuki] Do you wanna die here
for nothing?
If you don't go and destroy that tree,
I'll find you and curse you myself.
Don't you die.
I'm not gonna die, moron!
-[yells]
-[gun firing]
[gunshots]
[grunts]
[zombie gurgling]
[gunshot]
[Yoshino] Yu!
What the hell did you sneak off for?
You better apologize!
[explosion]
[tense music]
[both gasp]
[Yoshino] This is way worse
than anything before.
Yeah, this is the Cursed Spirit Tree.
[tense music rises]
Hey now, do you think
that could be the hero king?
[both whimper]
[roaring]
-Run!
-[shrieks]
[ground rumbles]
[tense music]
[grunting]
[yelling]
[gun firing]
[Yoshino] What am I supposed to do?
[screams]
Yoshino!
[Yoshino] Yu!
[screams]
-[gasps]
-[shrieks softly]
[creatures growling]
[panting]
[indistinct shouting]
Don't tell me Yoshino stole
the Soma recipe tablet.
[moaning]
[gasps]
[panting]
-[Yu] Yoshino!
-Huh?
-Throw that over here!
[Yu] I think the ghosts
are after the tablet.
[Yoshino] No way!
Not when I finally found it.
[Yu] Do you want to die, you moron?
[whining]
Fine!
All right!
[yelling]
[swooshing]
[grunts]
[rumbling]
If you want it that bad,
you can have it!
[grunts]
[shatters]
[gasps]
[grunting]
[tense music]
With the Armored Muscle Suit's technology
and the full-force of my spirit,
Super Psychic Blow!
Yu!
I release you
from your thousand year curse.
Now you can go and be free!
[rumbling]
[creature groaning]
[screaming]
What's this?
[silence]
That horrible feeling is gone.
Yeah, cut off from the ghost,
it's returned to its natural state.
[Yu] The king has his consort back.
The curse has been broken.
[Yoshino] More importantly,
why'd you smash the Soma recipe tablet?
You could've just thrown it
really far away!
That's a benefit of hindsight.
But either way, it's better if artifacts
like that don't exist.
[groaning]
Huh?
Are you okay? What's going on?
That Psychic Blow must've wiped me out.
I just need rest.
Well, can't be helped, I guess.
Huh?
[laughs]
-[spritzing]
-[groans]
[Yu] Dammit!
[Yoshino] It's been a long day.
Why don't you take a little nap.
All right, Yu?
[body thuds]
Unbelievable. Well, that's what
being careless gets you.
[Yoshino] Who knows what price it could've
gone if it was still in one piece.
Oh, well. Even like this,
it'll be a really nice payday.
Eh?
[gasps]
That's enough for today.
[shrieks]
How did you…
You really thought that'd work?
I was just pretending.
And you thought
you could just con me like that?
Dirty lying men like you
are the absolute worst.
You're one to talk about lying.
[Yu] Right, hand it over.
[groans]
[Akatsuki] No need for that, kid.
Everyone's worked so hard today.
I'll take the Soma tablet
off your hands now.
[grunts]
After all I went through, not a chance.
[Akatsuki] Nothing personal, it's the job.
So the Returning Man thing
isn't just for show, huh?
Sorry, but if you want it,
you'll have to come take it.
Too much blood spilled for it.
And I'm not letting it cost any more.
Surprising.
For one who lives in our world,
you're a little too naive.
It's possible ARCAM may not operate
with quite the same ideals as you do.
What?
[Akatsuki] Think how many lives they
sacrificed just looking for this Soma.
-[grunts]
-Can anyone really say
for certain that they won't one day
suddenly use the relics they've collected
-to take over the world.
-[grunts]
Are you sure that ARCAM practices
what they preach?
We are not the same as you.
[Yu] It is possible.
But if that day comes
and ARCAM can't be trusted anymore,
I'll crush them with my bare hands.
[gasps]
[Akatsuki] Are you serious?
I am, deadly serious.
[upbeat music]
[breathing heavily]
-[Akatsuki] Never mind.
-[gasps]
I have to admit
I'm a little worse for wear now.
A fight's just not worth it.
Uh…
However,
I will be ready to fight next time.
And then, we'll settle this business.
[Akatsuki] Don't die on me before then.
He is a weirdo.
[Yu laughs]
I'm actually the one who's worse for wear.
He knew that. He knew how drained I am.
Oh.
[Yu] Hey, Yoshino.
Yeah, Yu?
Isn't it amazing being alive?
[Yoshino] That's the lamest thing
I've ever heard.
Okay, time to go home. Up you go.
[Yu grunts]
Carry me then.
[Yoshino] What? Why should I?
[cheerful music]
[student] Where will you be
spending the summer?
-At our house in Nice, like I always do.
-Uh-huh?
We're stopping in Palermo
on the way to the Mediterranean.
-[Yu] Hey, Yoshino!
-Huh?
Sup?
[Yoshino's friends] Good luck!
Just what do you think
you're doing, Ding Dong?
I'm acting like a frail,
sickly high schooler, knock it off.
They don't know I'm not out sick
when I hunt relics.
Why do you always got to be like that?
Especially since I came
to give you some good news.
For example, every Soma ingredient.
Tell me.
[Yu] What are you doing?
Wait a second.
You said that
we're all better off without it
and then you gave the tablet to ARCAM?
Of course, I did. Because that's my job.
Okay now, how do I get…
Hey, hurry up already.
Can you shut up? Ah, here we go.
[Yu] Apparently this plant, Ambrosia,
is the main ingredient of Soma.
And what's Ambrosia?
It was a unique plant that used to grow
in the Himalayan Mountains
back in ancient times. Pretty neat.
Unfortunately, rapid climate change
in the following eras
-made it go completely extinct.
-Huh?
[Yu] In other words, it's impossible
to produce in the modern era.
So no matter how much you research
that photo you took of the tablet,
-it won't do any good.
-[gasps]
Did you know that all along?
You keep on making that face,
and we'll end up with another angry ghost.
-Later!
-[gasps]
[Yoshino] Wait!
Stop!
[growls]
[sighs]
[Yoshino] And after all that hard work…
[snorts]
Well, Yu Ominae…
today, I curse you.
DELETED
[closing theme music]